PHP / Laravel updates (#4422)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/configuration/before-send-fingerprint/php.laravel.mdx

```php {filename:config/sentry.php}
'before_send' => function (\Sentry\Event $event, ?\Sentry\EventHint $hint): ?\Sentry\Event {
    if ($hint !== null && $hint->exception !== null && str_contains($hint->exception->getMessage(), 'database unavailable')) {
        $event->setFingerprint(['database-unavailable']);
    }

    return $event;
},
```

<Note>

> Read about [closures and config caching](/platforms/php/guides/laravel/configuration/laravel-options/#closures-and-config-caching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more in [Closures and Config Caching](/platforms/php/guides/laravel/configuration/laravel-options/#closures-and-config-caching).
```
